app/vmselect: fix the way of counting raw samples in single query (#6464)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: all VictoriaMetrics components: prioritize `-configAuthKey` and `-reloadAuthKey` over `-httpAuth.*` settings. This change aligns behavior of mentioned flags with other auth flags like `-metricsAuthKey`, `-flagsAuthKey`, `-pprofAuthKey`. Check [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6329).
* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/): add `--disable-progress-bar` global command-line flag. It can be used for disabling dynamic progress bar for all migration modes. `--vm-disable-progress-bar`  command-line flag is deprecated and will be removed in the future releases. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6367).

> * BUGFIX: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/): fix the way of counting raw samples in single query, the limit is specified with command-line flag `-search.maxSamplesPerQuery`. Previously, samples might be over-counted and query can't be fixed by reducing time range. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5851).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/): calculate the exact number of [raw samples](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyconcepts/#raw-samples) during query processing when the limit is specified via command-line flag `-search.maxSamplesPerQuery`. Previously, the number of samples could have been over-counted for historical data and lead to false-positive triggers of `-search.maxSamplesPerQuery` limit. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5851).
```
